what's going on everybody this probably
be a quick video kind of going out to
all you gamers out there I'm a pretty
big gamer too eventually I would like to
do some gaming videos on my channel just
don't have the equipment to do it right
now otherwise I would be but for those
of you who are like me and you like
watching other people play games see how
they do their style maybe their
commentary maybe no commentary or
wanting to know what a game looks like
by watching someone else play it to
decide whether you want to purchase that
game or not there's a couple people that
I watch regularly that I really like and
if you don't already watch them I would
definitely recommend them I'll tell you
their YouTube channel and my thoughts on
on them also and I'll leave their their
links to their channel in their
descriptions so I definitely go check
them out sub to them and watch what what
they do first one is the rad-brad the
rad-brad he is the first person that I
started watching when I started watching
gaming videos plays the game gives good
comment commentary has some real funny
reactions to like horror movie or horror
games and stuff he gets scared he'll
scream it's it's pretty hilarious but he
plays through a lot of games and I would
definitely check him out you know
there's some things I don't like like I
like to search worlds and try and find
hidden stuff and see try and get
everything out of the game I get a
little frustrated watching him sometimes
because he just kind of goes straight
through you know he doesn't search for
nothing and he just
goes you know and whatever happens
happens you know it's a good and bad
thing you know just not the way I play
and some of the times I'm like no no no
what are you doing go look around and go
do this you know of course he can hear
me but it shows you other aspects of the
game especially when when someone plays
in a style that you don't play in so you
know you might see deaths happen
somewhere that you normally wouldn't see
whether you were playing it or you know
a bunch of different stuff there's you
know there's positive and negative but
it's definitely a good person to watch
good person to check out second person
that I watch regularly and he's become
oh I wanted to say on this month's Game
Informer here he is right there the
rad-brad just want to say
congratulations to you my friend that's
awesome that they put you in the
magazine and that they acknowledged your
channel I think that's pretty pretty
cool so keep up the good work with that
another one I watch regularly is a ghost
Robo and he's he's become my favorite I
love watching him he gives some he does
some great videos gaming and and
non-game there's gaming videos I love he
plays like me he likes to explore
he gives awesome commentary no swearing
so if you don't want to hear someone
swearing throughout their commentary you
know it gives a really good commentary
he knows his stuff just has lots of fun
with his channel it's it's it's a great
channel to check out I'd definitely
check him out and there's also one more
person that I watched regularly and I'm
probably gonna pronounce this wrong but
his YouTube channel is hassan al Haj
Yuri the sawmill Hajji are you something
like that I'll leave the link in the
description him I like watching there is
no commentary throughout the whole thing
and you can tell that he plays through a
game or he'll play through a level
before recording
so he'll play through it find out where
all this stuff is find out the coolest
way to do something and then he'll
replay it too
while recording so that you get that
experience that's at least the way I
take his his place so you know if I want
to see just a playthrough without
commentary and not so much find all the
hidden secrets but just see a really
great playthrough on how on one way that
the game should be played definitely
check him out yeah I think that's it
those are my three favorites read the
rad-brad
first one I ever started watching and I
got the shout out in Game Informer
magazine for this month so that's
awesome congratulations ghostrobo
definitely check him out a really cool
guy a really cool guy and his videos are
awesome great commentary he's gonna be
probably in one of these magazines real
soon does a great job great job and
Asano Hadji if you just want to see the
game played how it should be played
straight through no commentary BAM no no
deaths you know just play through a lot
you know it's really cool you'd have to
check it out so yeah if you're
interested in watching videos definitely
check those three out subscribe to them
show them some love they have no idea
who I am so it's not like I'm was was
asked to promote them or anything they
have no they probably never even seen
any of my channels so eventually I would
like to do my own gaming stuff along
with my whole channels about hobbies my
hobbies so I gaming is definitely one of
my hobbies and I would love to record
and share that with you guys so that may
happen one day but until then I always
watched these these are the only three
that I watch there's tons of people out
there that
do the same thing these are the only
three that I watch and I just wanted to
kind of share that with you just in case
your gamer like me you want to know what
games are good what games are good if
you want to just want to see how someone
else plays through maybe you're stuck in
a level stuck somewhere see how to get
out of it you know check these guys out
they do it they do a great job so thank
you to the rad-brad ghostrobo and Hasan
AHA jury for your channel I definitely
find it very enjoyable and good luck to
you guys I hope you guys great success
in your channel everyone else if you're
not sub to them already go sub to him
check them out guarantee you'll like it
and with that said I'll talk to you soon